All right, episode 14 of the Lonnie and
Ryan podcast. Thanks for join joining in
everybody and we have a special guest
today. We have Dominic the primetime
treasure hunter. Really excited to have
him on today and how you doing Dom? I'm
doing awesome. I'm really excited to see
here see you all here. I even busted out
a special brand new cup just for the
show. So, yeah, picked this up
yesterday. You know where I got it
Lonnie?
Uh, let me guess. And I'm mentioning
Lonnie only because he's I think I don't
know if you were you saw this yesterday
Ryan in the in the in my on my page,
primetime treasure hunter page. I don't
know if I did.
Where were you at? Uh, I Cracker Barrel.
Oh, [laughter] yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I commented on that post cuz
Lonnie tagged me. Yeah, so so I saw it
there. It was only $9.99. I'm like I got
to get this for my shows.
Yeah.
Yeah, my daughter my daughter's with me
and she goes dad she goes they don't
have these on Amazon anymore. They're
$24.99 on Amazon and they're sold out.
I'm looking on eBay they don't have
them. I'm like trying to resist buying
them to resell them. Right.
>> [laughter]
>> Cuz they had another ones
but I I just stuck with this one.
>> [laughter]
>> Yeah, I
Ryan I got to tell you something dude. I
got
I think I think I think I I call him
Prime. All right, I've got a nickname
for the guy. I don't even
Deion Sanders of reselling? Yes.
>> [laughter]
>> I've never I've never talked to Dom
before. This is our first time I think.
This is this is a long time coming
actually cuz you and I have been in the
YouTube space for about the same amount
of time. I think you've got me beat by
about a year. I think you've been doing
it 10 years I've been doing it nine.
And you know, I used to run a live show
for a long time for many many years. I
had so many different guests on and
people used to tell me all the time you
know, you got to get Lonnie on you got
to get Lonnie on and I was always I was
trying to get you on but I think this
was during a time frame where you
weren't like I think you said you were
like hibernating or something.
>> [laughter]
>> No, you were just staying more to
yourself so I was just like all right,
well let them know I have them on the
show anytime so it's just ironic to me
now I'm on your show it's hilarious.
Well, I
>> [laughter]
>> tell you what.
I wasn't doing any shows at all for a
while.
I was keeping to myself to be honest but
I'm glad I'm glad we I'm glad we're here
together today. I'm
>> Me too man. It's just you know, like
it's like everything like you know, it's
all about timing.
It is. I think I don't know I got a
sense that me and you both kind of came
tried like came out a little bit more
with like social media stuff with cuz I
that was during the time where I was
doing my comeback with stuff and uh
I had started doing doing the Facebook
post more and I think you were starting
it around the same time as well and I
posted something also on Instagram and
you had responded to it.
And I'm like oh my god I'm like Lonnie
responded to one of my posts.
>> [laughter]
>> I was like what is going on? I almost
fell off my chair. So I was like wow.
>> [laughter]
>> So then I saw I then I looked for Lonnie
on Facebook I saw him on there and then
he responded again and I'm like wow WHAT
IS
>> [laughter]
>> AND NOW WE'RE FRIENDS. NOW WE TALK LIKE
FIVE TIMES a day.
>> [laughter and gasps]
>> Lonnie thinks Lonnie thinks he is your
number one fan on Facebook.
>> I I think on Facebook he is because we I
mean
he cracks me up. I think I crack him up.
I think we have a similar sense of
humor. So we see a lot of things
similarly and uh it it just cracks me
up. I did screw one thing up tonight
though cuz I told Lonnie I think it was
like a week or two ago I was going to I
was going to have something for this
show and I totally forgot about it until
it was a few minutes before before
showtime. You know what that was?
Mountain Dew. I was going to have a
Mountain Dew for this show. Man. Yep.
There it is. So, sorry about that.
>> [laughter]
>> Dom you got the nuclear fallout shelter
sign behind you. I like that. I remember
those when I was a kid so. Yeah, that's
very cool. I love signs. Yeah, I got to
get one.
You got one too. All right. Yeah, I've
got one right there. I had a one of a
viewer sent me that a long time ago.
I've still got the like the letter on
the back of it or whatever. I got this
one at a garage sale.
Dom let Yeah. Dom I do want to
apologize. You know, we never had beef
or anything but I do want to apologize
for never getting with you before.
I I have been antisocial
>> [laughter]
>> at at at various times and I've kind of
come out of my shell in the past I don't
know 6 months or so.
And
I
it's been rewarding because now we have
times like this where I get you know,
and I've already gotten to know you a
little bit on Facebook. Dom
primetime treasure hunter is a fantastic
follow on Facebook. He is.
I appreciate that. You know, I've had
that page for a really long time
and way before they started doing the
Facebook monetization.
And I first learned about the
monetization part through Jocelyn crazy
lamp lady when we're hanging out we hang
out together at Madison Bouckville each
year and she was showing me we were
getting lunch and she's like look you
can just post pictures on
you know, on Facebook and you can make
money just from posting pictures. I'm
like what? And she was showing me
examples. I was like that's crazy. I was
like I can I can at least do that. I can
post pictures. So I said let me try it.
I get it active again and so I decided
to start it up and you know, like really
you know, kind of do some you know, put
some work into it starting in January
and I've had fun with it. It's just it's
a you know, new creative outlet.
Now, so Dom you you've done something
interesting here, okay?
You have
I I think you I think you might be
changing Lonnie's heart a little bit.
When it comes to So like I don't I don't
know if I don't know if you saw this.
But maybe about a month or two ago
Lonnie posted something on Facebook that
was basically pretty anti AI photos,
okay? He said that he he said he said
did you see that Dom? I well I saw some
someone had posted something about not
liking thrifts thrift AI photos and I
saw you just responded oh you've noticed
that too but I didn't really I got the
sense that maybe you didn't like it uh
but then I don't know but then you liked
my post so I was like I don't know maybe
I'll change his mind I'm not sure.
>> [laughter]
>> I think you've I think you have. Well,
no it not not exactly, okay? Because
>> [laughter]
>> This was it.
There have been a couple of times
recently where there's been this like
this huge wave of like resellers doing
this AI thing
like where like there it shows them in
their their workspace like their desk
and they have all the stuff and you know
and they were all doing it every day all
day.
Everybody and I just thought that was
slop. I really did.
And I made a post and it made a whole
bunch of people mad. I said [laughter]
you know,
I'm sick of this. It's not entertaining.
It's not cute. Nobody likes it.
People that you know, people that claim
they like they don't like it. And then I
come across I come across I took a lot
of heat too. I come across primetime
your page and this this dude every day
he finds out what day it is, right?
[laughter]
And like like give give me the example
Dom of one of your
>> today? I forget. I saw it this morning.
>> was fresh tomato day but not quite as
interesting.
>> [laughter]
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
BUT BUT YESTERDAY WAS better cuz it was
Easter so
I had to come up with something for
that. So I had a picture of me standing
next to the Easter Bunny and I was
making eggs in the kitchen and I wasn't
just using regular eggs. I was using the
colored Easter eggs and you could see
all the shells cracked in the you know,
in the egg carton and the Easter Bunny
is looking on like in shock and horror
that I'm eating the Easter eggs
[laughter] and I'm mixing them with
bacon. I had a shirt on that says I love
bacon. So I just like doing silly things
like that like just to make it you know,
just to make it different and you know,
just you know, like I said it's a way to
tap into Yeah, it's a way to like you
know, exercise the creative side of your
mind so
I like using it as a tool now. Yeah,
there you go. That's the fresh tomato
one. Now the funny thing on that one I
don't think anyone noticed it but I
usually put like some hidden Easter eggs
in those things if you're
Yeah, if you follow the channel. So if
you look on the sign there on the very
So it has different things like
different types of pizzas that you could
get at different prices and the very
bottom one says loons $25,
you know, which is a joke for my channel
where I went through this entire video
where this house these people were
obsessed with loons. They had loons
everywhere and I didn't know what they
were. I
I thought they were ducks and I kept
calling them black and white ducks the
entire
>> [laughter]
>> until I get to the end and this is like
a long house that you know, house tour
that I had to go through. I finally get
to the last room and there's a poster of
them and it says loons on it. So I
finally said oh wow they're they're
loons. So I did say that eventually in
the video but you know, when people
comment on videos they don't wait till
the end. They comment a lot of times as
soon as they see something. To this day
and this video is over a year old I get
people writing in they're loons. Are you
kidding me? Black and white ducks. So
I've just made this big joke of it and
just kind of embraced my mistake and
just kind of laugh with it and now when
I find loons it's like a whole big thing
and I just use it.
You posted like some jewelry things or
something the other day. That's a good
example. So we've also used it to make
money because
my wife Mrs. Primetime she does a lot
stuff with jewelry and she bought a
jewelry lot and there was all these
earrings with loons on them and so she
got them for pennies on the dollars. She
there were six six pair of them in there
and so she's last night we sold the
final one. So total $109 off of loon
earrings, you know, when it's all said
and done. That's that's gross not net
but still we did well.
I didn't even know what a loon was, so I
learned
until I saw your page. No, and the funny
thing was that I used to do
Whatnot live shows with her. She used to
sell jewelry on there, and she does a
lot with animal jewelry, and she told me
this I totally forgot, but she was
showing the loons, and she also thought
they were ducks. So, she's saying that,
and everyone is correcting her in the
chat and saying, "No, they're loons.
They're loons. They're loons." That's
the one thing about resellers, man.
There's an expert in everything. You
mess one thing up, you are going to hear
it from somebody. [laughter]
Oh, yeah. As an everything seller, you
as an everything seller, you will get
humbled every day. Every day. Yeah,
that's why I literally have a new part
of my videos that I do where I just take
something that someone says that I
missed. I actually asked them. I'm like,
"Just tell me something that I missed.
Tell Give me a time stamp, and then I
will talk about it in the next video.
I'll give you credit for it.
You know, tell me what you think it's
worth." Now, sometimes people tell me
something that they think I missed that
they're actually off on, but if they're
right, I'll give them credit for it, and
you know, we'll talk about that in the
next video. Like the last video I I just
put out yesterday, there's this game
called Pig Mania that I had not heard of
before, and I know a lot about toys. I'm
pretty good with that, but I just had
missed it, and it's like, if you ever
see it, it's like a $45 game. If you you
know, if it's complete, you know, and in
great condition. But, so yeah, so
there's always stuff The learning never
stops as resellers. That's why I love it
so much.
Yeah, man. Like
Like there there are like so many things
that I've learned from just viewer
comments. Like I started using desktop
tape dispenser because of a viewer. I
started ordering from Zoro because of a
viewer. I use American Bubble Boy
because of a viewer.
You know, every pretty much everything
that we do, I learned from the people
that watch us. Yeah. Or a lot of it
anyway, you know. Plus other creators. I
mean, I remember
I actually think I have it right here
behind me.
First time I had ever heard of a 3-in
tape gun was from from Pete Craiglist
Hunter.
So, Pete, I'm I'm sure you're watching,
and give him a shout-out. That's
actually how I got the hunter part of my
name. It's a homage to Pete. So,
yeah. Yeah, so love that guy, and this
this does save you a lot of time. I was
using the 2-in tape gun for the longest
time, and I was like, "Wow, what a great
tip." I remember him showing that in his
video. So, yeah, we all learn from one
another. It's awesome.
3-in tape is awesome. I I choose to use
it on a desktop dispenser, yeah, but I I
keep I keep one one loaded with 2-in,
and one loaded with 3-in, right?
Yeah, that's right. I got the 2-in ready
to go. When did you make the switch,
Lonnie, to the to the desktop?
Cuz I I remember you switching, but it's
been a while, right? Cuz I remember you
you used to always be a a gun guy.
5 years or so. I don't know. You're
always a gun guy, and then you made the
It's a lot better. I've never tried the
I've never tried the desktop. It depends
It depends. I mean, it's a it's
preference, but I mean, I do I do a lot
of small smaller boxes, and
so it's good for that. This is
preference. I I use the other. Yeah, you
are the packing master, man. I mean, the
stuff that you know, I thought I was
going to be shipping.
He's going to pack it. I mean, this guy
he's like Harry Houdini with the stuff
that he does with the boxes. I mean,
he'll just take a box, he'll slice it in
half, the next thing you know, he's
fitting like a you know, an
elephant-size plush inside
>> [laughter]
>> And it literally The box started off
like this big.
You know what? Extend the flaps this
way, and I slice it on a 45° angle. Now
the box is [laughter] like this big. I'm
like, "What the hell did you just do?"
You know what's funny is it one of Dom's
posted me made, he shows some reseller
stuffing a like a big plush into a box.
Dom, do you know where that post Can you
Can you locate that post, man? Do you
know?
I could probably find it, yeah.
See if you can find it, man. I actually
saw that the other day. And then I And
then I'm like, "Holy crap Holy cow, that
looks like me." And then I I do like a I
do a screenshot from my video where I
look almost exactly like like what the
dude in the cartoon's doing.
Yeah, I I
Yeah, sorry, yeah. No, I It was a It was
a little cartoon about the the reseller
learns about volume for the first time.
Right.
>> [laughter]
>> But, that's that's something else. Like
I know you have a love for comics, and
we could talk more about that in a
minute, but I I I appreciate what you're
doing with the social media on Facebook,
and how you you you do the thing every
day. You find out what day it is, and
then you you play off of that. But, then
you have a new thing you're doing. I I
think the volume thing that you're
talking about is part of it, too. Yeah,
I just found it if you want me to Oh,
yeah, yeah. Is there a way I could I
don't think I Could I share it, or could
Let's see maybe I can. Probably can. You
can, and then Ryan has to like approve
it. Yeah, share screen. Okay.
Uh all right, good.
So, if you approve it,
I could put it on there. Let's see.
There we go.
All right, it's all set.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, that. Yeah, Bob the Bob
the reseller learns about volume the
hard way. And Ryan, Ryan, look at that.
Ryan, who does that look like? Like
Yeah, looks like It looks like you.
Out [laughter] of the four Like I know
it's I know it's not the exact exactly
like me, but out of the four of us, if
we were in a lineup, and they said,
"Hey, who looks like that guy in the
cartoon?" Or the three of us
>> [laughter]
>> they would point to me, right?
Probably, yeah. And then there's these
little jokes in there like it says "Eat
it, Bob" behind there on the sign, and
then the the
smallest box is too tiny, and it says
"LOL" in parentheses.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, yeah. It's all these little jokes.
Now Now go to your comments.
Uh comments on that? Oh, yeah, let's see
here.
Where are you? There it is. Uh yeah,
hey, I remember that
Yeah.
>> [laughter]
>> Now, here's the weird thing cuz the
cosmic forces are aligned. I actually
had never seen that, which is the
funniest thing. And the other thing,
too, I felt so bad cuz I had made this
this Well, here's the story on this one.
I'll take this off this You could take
that off if you want to. But,
so Lonnie had put the pressure on me for
April the the night before April Fools.
He's like, "You know, you better you
know, I'm expecting something big from
you tomorrow for you know, [laughter]
for today is." And I was I hadn't even
thought about anything, so I'm like,
"Oh, man. I'm like, I got to come up
with something." I said, "Now he's going
to be disappointed." Yeah, pressure's
on. I'm like, "He's going to be
disappointed if I don't come up with
something good."
And you know, the standard thing that
everyone does on that is I'm quitting
Facebook. I'm quitting my YouTube
channel. It's like, you know, everybody
does that. So, I'm like, "Nah, he's not
I got to do something better than that."
So, I you know, I started doing a little
bit of research. I love history, so I
was going back in history, and I found
that there was this time where the BBC
back in the 1950s,
they had run this prank video, and acted
as if it was news, and they ran it in
Sweden where they told people that yeah,
that that pasta grows on trees.
And the people in Sweden back then, they
had not you know, they had not known
about you know, how pasta is really
grown
or grown. It's not grown. Now I'm
thinking it's grown. How it's how it's
made. And so, they fell A lot of people
fell for it, and they were trying to
order pasta seeds and pasta trees and
you know, and get them. And so, you
know, it was just a big giant prank and
run by a reputable news organization,
you know, being BBC. So, I'm like, "Aha,
that's pretty interesting." I'm like, "I
wonder if I could take that and kind of
spin that into you know, my own thing,
integrate myself into it, and and I put
comment down below like say, 'I want
more info' cuz they do that in a lot of
recipe channels on Facebook. You have to
say thank you or something to get the
recipe. So, I'm like, you know, type in
'I want more info', and I'll send you
information about the you know, the
pasta trees and spaghetti trees, I think
we called them.
So, one person did type that, but they
were joking around. They weren't
serious, yeah. So, so then Lonnie
Well, then Candace Lonnie's like, "Oh, I
got to show Candace this, right?" And
you're you're probably wondering why I
said that, right? At the time I Well, I
just thought you thought it was funny,
and you were just sharing stuff with
her. And then
she writes back, and she thought she
said she was just talking about that the
other day, and then you wrote me and
said, "Hey, did you know that Candace
just talked about this on a show?" And
I'm sitting there like, "No." And I'm
like, "Oh, no. Now he thinks that I
stole it from Candace, and didn't give
her credit."
>> [laughter]
>> No, but so I was like I was you know,
you don't know like when you're typing
back and forth. So, I'm just like, "Oh,
man." So, I'm like, "No, I swear. I
really didn't know."
>> [laughter]
>> Dude, you know you know what I thought?
Cuz Candace Ryan, here's the thing.
Candace told the story like the previous
day when we were recording the packing
video cuz we man, we blather on, and I
was like
And she said, "When I was a When I was a
kid, the local news station ran a story
the same thing that Dom's talking about
that the BBC did back in the You said
50s or whatever, Dom. Is that when it
was?"
Well, this was like in the 80s when
Candace was a kid,
and
they ran it, and then she believed it,
and you know, like her parents like
reinforced it, and like she believed it
for a little while.
And she told that story
during the packing video. So, then I see
Dom
post that, and I'm like, "Wow, Dom is
paying homage to the story that we I was
like flattered. I was like, "No, no,
no." I totally would have given credit
for that, yeah. Yeah,
crazy. But, that's what I mean. Like the
Lonnie primetime forces have been
aligned over I I'd say in 2026, they
finally came together.
I I was blown away, dude. Like
[laughter] that was like I was like,
"Wow." And I I was Candace and I were
sitting at the table eating dinner, and
I was like
And I cuz I I didn't know like I didn't
know what to say. I was like, "Man, I'm
going to sound like a fool if I I say if
I assume that Dom watched that obscure
part of an obscure video." Cuz
[laughter] I'm like, "There's no way
this dude has time to watch my packing
video."
They're like an hour long and they do
one every other day. [laughter] I'm
like, I don't think he's doing this.
But but what are the chances that he
posted that? Right.
>> That's
That's what I mean. Like the coincidence
of that is absolutely just crazy. And
then right that came right after the
whole thing with the packing the you
know, the giant teddy bear. So Right.
>> Wow. Right. Yeah.
But yeah
>> See so it so so it's a combination that
the the energy wants you to like the the
AIs. Wow. Me and Dom are just supposed
to be best friends I guess, Ryan. I'm
sorry.
>> [laughter]
>> No, that's fine.
No. Look
check check this Dom. Where did you come
up with these? Or
That was a good one.
That's funny. That's funny. Well, I'll
tell you that let me let me answer it
maybe by sharing this if you could share
one more with your one more with your
viewers cuz I think everyone will relate
to this one. It's pretty funny.
>> [laughter]
>> When resellers watch orders. Hey fellas,
you won't believe all the stuff in this
lady's house. The guy [laughter]
has a tattoo says Funko Pops were only
surrounded by like eBay tape and all the
packages and everything. And I just try
to think of things like that that whole
series I call it the prime rib, you
know, cuz rib is kind of like a joke and
it's like you know, a prime prime time.
So I thought that would be a funny name
for it. But it's an homage to the Far
Side cartoons.
>> Yeah, Gary Larson, right?
>> Yeah, I love Gary Larson and I I knew
it. Yeah, I had every single Far Side
book, every single Far Side cartoon. I
love that stuff. So I was like, well,
you know, maybe there's a way I could
kind of like use AI to you know, blend
some humor in you know, with what goes
on in reselling sometimes. And I
actually think I've seen this kind of
thing happen where people will you know,
watch Hoarders and be like shocked at
how much stuff they have and not realize
like what they have all around them as
well. [laughter]
So so I just you know, there's got to be
truth in a joke to make it funny. So
we've all kind of gone through these
things and you know, part of it too. I'm
poking fun of myself with some of this
stuff also. So it's just you know, so
yeah, it's just my wife always says I
would if I if I could get into your mind
for one day I would love to. So I'm
like, well, I don't know if you really
would. But so yeah, I this is how I
think. I just have these these thoughts
and I just try to put them to use
somehow. [laughter]
Do you try to come up with one like
every day when you wake up in the
morning? Like is that kind of your thing
or they just come to you randomly kind
of? No. No, the only thing I try to come
is because come up with is for every day
there there's multiple different days
for you know, like today I had the
choice. It was like you know,
fresh tomato day and then there were
like five other types of things. There
was like carbonara pasta day. Like
there's all these things. A lot of them
are named after foods, but some of them
are not. So that's pretty easy. You
know, that's kind of like already made
for you. It's just a way of how do you
come up with like a creative spin to it.
So that that's not too difficult. But in
terms of like those jokes like those
kind of like those Far Side inspired
types of cartoons I've just said to
myself, you know what? It's just got to
be something that comes to me. I don't
want to force it. If you force it, it's
going to it's not going to come out
right. So I just wait till it's like
something that comes to me that feels
right. And if you know, and then if so,
I'll I'll try to create something tinker
with it for a while to make it right.
You know, it's not like you just press a
button and just comes the way I want it
to be. I've got to mess around with it
and do lots of different prompts to get
it you know, the way that I want to. So
and then what if I my criteria for it
basically is I have to laugh at it. Like
>> Right. Yeah. Like I had one today I was
going to post, but I decided not to post
post it because it wasn't as funny as I
thought it would be. I had this one of
Harry Houdini coming out of a
coming out of a vase. Like on like he's
selling on a live show. Like whatnot or
something. Although I didn't name the
platform and he's trying to sell it for
a dollar and he hasn't gotten any bids
yet and he's screaming at the he's
screaming like you know, with the ropes
around his like arms and his wrists and
everything. He's like, come on chat, bid
it up. Bid it up.
But it just did it I didn't laugh at it.
I thought it would be fun. So if I don't
laugh at it, I don't put it up. So
that's why I just That's a good that's a
good criteria to have. Yeah. Are you
going to make a collection out of these?
Are you going to make a book? Are you
going to make a website or have you
already? Yeah, I don't know. It depends
how far I don't know how many reseller
related jokes I could come up with. So
so far those were like the the top ones
you know, that I came up with. So you
know, I don't know. We'll have to see. I
might I don't know. I might run out of
ideas. So if not, I'll have to move on
to something else.
You won't run out of ideas. So we'll
see. I do have them I'm I'm right now
I'm collecting them in a little folder
on my computer and we'll see what
happens with them one day. I don't know.
It's it
just love how you've how you found a way
to kind of bridge your love of the the
hobby of you know, collecting comics and
your love of comics with something
you're actually content you're actually
producing yourself. I I think that's
awesome. Yeah, that's a good point. You
know, this technically it is a comic,
you know, cuz it's you know, it's a
little comic cartoon thing. So yeah,
I actually really never thought of it
that way, but that is that is that is
funny. Yeah.
And Dom, you know, you know, something
else I was thinking about too and I
Like you turned me around like your
execution
of the of using the AI
I can deal with that. It's not it's not
slop. It's well planned it's well
thought out. It's well executed.
It's funny.
It's it's it's positive. It's upbeat and
like when I look at your post, it makes
me feel good.
Like I never come away from one of your
posts feeling worse than I did before I
came to it. [laughter]
You know? Yeah, that would that would
not be good.
I appreciate that because so many people
are just like you know, bitching and
moaning on Facebook and you you never
are. You never are and I appreciate
that. I know. I used to run
one of the
I'd say more positive Facebook groups
out there. I know you have one
as well and I give
>> that group. Is that group gone? No, it
still exists. It's called the Reselling
Resource Center also known as RRC. I
purposely created it because there were
so many toxic reselling Facebook groups
where I heard you talk about this
recently
Lonnie
where you're talking about this that you
know, there's just someone just asked a
question and they just get you know,
eviscerated. You know, they're like
brand new and ask a question everyone's
like making fun of them or something
like that. So
yeah, I did I tried to do that and I was
successful for for many years doing it.
But I've turned it over to few people
that I trust really well who could who
have the time to to run it. You know, I
was came up to a time in my life where
it just I just you know, certain things
as you know, when you take on certain
other responsibilities there's just
enough room in a day for certain things.
It just wasn't making sense for me to
put any more time into it. And now I
didn't know what was going to happen
with this whole thing with the Facebook
page. So now I just you know, go on that
as I have time and you know, just kind
of go on there for a little fun and you
know, like I said, I try I try to
exercise my creative juices on there and
it's it's it's fun doing that. And I
like making some people laugh. People
tell me that they crack up. They laugh.
I just do a little entertainment. It's
fun. That's what I was that's what I was
going to tell you is I see the I see the
response. I mean it's just like I know
you say it's just like a a fun funny
thing or whatever, but you're also
having a
You never know what kind of impact
you're having on people cuz I read there
there's a few people in particular that
I see in your comments.
And man, I can tell that they that you
really brighten their day.
You know, so
that's always nice to hear and when you
have a YouTube channel and you know,
when you're on social media like
yourself also Ryan. I mean sometimes you
just just never know sometimes how you
are influencing somebody's life. If they
never tell you and there's plenty of
people, but for the people who are
telling you, I'm I promise you there are
many more people who have just not told
you who you're influencing. Like
literally sometimes people have sent me
cards
handwritten letters emails telling me
about just you know, helping them during
like a dark time in their life and just
even just doing the videos sometimes. It
was just something that kept them going.
Especially even during the pandemic I
remember telling me that. Like man, you
helped me get through the pandemic. You
know, everyone has their favorite
channels and stuff and you know, so we
you know, there's just many ways.
There's some people who lost a job or
something and needed to make some money
to make ends meet and they turned to
reselling and they came across one of
our channels for the first time or
you know, I'm sure there's people you
influence too Ryan with all your you
know, all your stuff that you're doing
with like all your reviews and things
like that too. So it always
It's actually funny. Um
I actually had an instance I was
actually thinking about that tonight.
And it's funny you brought that up. That
I had an instance yesterday
where
I was in a store and I was wearing
I bought the meta glasses that you can
like they have a camera on them. I was
wearing the glasses. So I actually
caught this on camera and I had this guy
came come up to me. I sent Lonnie the
clip. It'll come out on the on the
channel probably the next day or two.
But this guy came up to me and it wasn't
like anything super crazy. But you could
just see in his eyes
>> Yeah.
like how much he enjoyed my videos.
Yeah.
>> He's like, I'm a big fan man. And he was
like on genuinely like one of the most
enthusiastic fans I've ever like
come across. Yeah.
>> And I walked away from that
thinking like man, like this this really
does matter to people. And it like it
really they they enjoy it which makes me
feel good. But in the in the same sense
I'm I'm helping them too. Like I'm I'm
making something that they value. And I
>> Right. Yeah. But yeah, it it definitely
is it it's a big thing being a YouTuber.
It it definitely affects a lot of people
in a positive way if that's your goal.
Right. Right. Not only that for you in
Ryan's case, Ryan impacts you know, like
the the end viewer in that case. Or some
of them. I mean and it's all I think
most people are a lot more casual than
that.
You know, but you do have some that are
like really in I've been that way myself
about channels. Like I really get into
it. Like I really like them. Probably
maybe even to a unhealthy
I don't mean it like in a weird way. I
just mean
>> [laughter]
>> I don't mean like anything weird, but I
just mean [laughter] like I probably
like them a little more than I probably
should. You know, like I don't know.
What kind of shrines do you have up in
the attic [laughter] there?
Man, that went in a That's not the
direction I was trying to go, but
>> [laughter]
>> in Ryan's case, he actually is in a
position now where he's impacting
entire local businesses with what he's
doing.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah,
you can really, you know, do some
positive, you know, reinforcement for a
business or you could, you know,
actually obviously harm a business
>> [laughter]
>> with
your words. So you got to
be careful. So um
Yeah, I definitely Well, that's the
that's the thing as well is like it's
for me it's a balance because it's like
>> Mhm.
I I I have to protect my integrity to a
point. Like I can't I'm not going to
lie. Like I'm not going to lie to my
audience because then that looks bad on
me. But at the same time, if I tell the
brutal truth sometimes, yeah, it might
have a negative effect on on the
businesses. So I try to balance it. I
try to be as honest as I can, but not,
you know, totally ruin somebody. Right.
It depends also on how you word it. Like
you could say, "Well, you know, it's the
best." versus "This was the most
disgusting thing I've ever eaten in my
entire life." Right. Exactly. [laughter]
Yeah, yeah. There's ways you can say it.
But here's here's the thing though. The
people that really know Ryan and watch
all of his content, they know. Like Ryan
had kind of has code.
Like, "Oh, yeah, that's pretty good." If
Ryan says something is pretty good,
>> it's one of the most foul things that's
ever entered [laughter] his mouth.
Because usually he's like, "Uh-huh.
>> [laughter]
>> He's like an old
When Harry Met Sally scene when
[laughter] he something that he really
likes. Right.
No, but we wanted to also ask you
Dom a little bit and like maybe you can
explain this a little bit to um
people that I'm sure a lot of people
watching this probably know who you are,
but um in case there's people out there
that that don't, maybe kind of talk
about your career as well. Um cuz I
think you have a very unique
a very unique career um going on in the
reseller space outside of reselling that
is probably I I don't think there's
anybody else like you out there as far
as that goes. Yeah, he's he's got he's
built like a damn lumberjack. I knew
that.
>> [laughter]
>> I took that from your video though. Like
a construction worker is what you said,
but yeah. Yeah, well, my wife thought I
was a construction worker when she first
met me and then when she was surprised
when she said, "Well, what are you going
to college for?" And I said, "Well, I'm
studying this thing called
neuropsychology. I want to be a
neuropsychologist." And she's like,
"Wait, what?"
>> [laughter]
>> You know, but
so yeah, I have an interesting
I I guess you would say double life I
>> [laughter]
>> suppose.
You know, cuz I do have a full-time job
as a a board-certified
neuropsychologist.
Um a lot of people have not heard of
that a term before, but basically what
it means is I'm a type of a doctor, I
have a PhD,
uh who uh studies the relationship
between how someone's brain works and
how they think and how they feel and how
they behave. And I evaluate adults and
children down to age six. No upper age
limit for the adults. And so there's so
many ways in which my job plays out.
It's all clinical evaluations of of
patients. Um but I I think the best
example I always give people, this isn't
all that we do, which is one example,
but I think it's one that most people
can relate to. So uh if someone is,
let's say, in their 60s, 70s, and
they're starting to get concerned that,
you know, they're forgetting things
more often, and maybe maybe they're not
concerned, but maybe a a relative is,
you know, a spouse or child, you know,
adult child or something. And they're
not sure, is this normal forgetfulness?
Is this related to depression because
they're seeing more people, you know,
passing away around them? Or could this
[clears throat] be a neurodegenerative
disease like Alzheimer's disease would
be the most common. So they would bring
the person to me for an evaluation. I
would do an interview. You know, I would
review all the you know, neuroimaging
that was done like brain MRIs, all the
you know,
blood tests and you know, lab work that
was done and you know, neurology visits
and stuff. And you know, look at all the
notes and do my own evaluation as well.
And mainly focusing on assessing their
thinking abilities by you know, by
testing their memory and their
attention and concentration and
language. And there's basically certain
patterns that show up when people have
certain types of conditions. Those
certain patterns that show up when
someone has, you know, something like
Alzheimer's disease. And so um
that's something that we help to figure
out in doing that evaluation and trying
to make that determination and then kind
of point people in the
uh in the right direction. And so I'm
pretty active in my profession.
Uh I've been doing it for quite a long
time. And then I had the opportunity to
be on a board. Uh it's a large nonprofit
organization. I was on the board of
directors for it. Uh it's a national
technically international cuz we went
into you know, Canada as well. So it's
an organization of of neuropsychologists
who are board-certified. So by
board-certified it means that they
basically went through a rigorous uh
credential review and examination
process to prove to the public that they
have advanced competency in their, you
know, in that area of expertise. Uh and
so I was on the board for a while and
it's a long story. I did a whole video
about it, but eventually next thing I
know,
um 7 years in, I find myself president
of this organization.
Uh during a very stressful time
uh and a a complicated time. There was a
lot of things that we had to do. And at
that point I realized that there was
just no way I could keep things going as
I did with YouTube. Um so just tried to
keep it going by shifting to doing some
flea market videos here and there, but I
couldn't do live selling anymore, you
know, cuz it can't be that they're like
looking for, you know, where am I? You
know, they need me to troubleshoot some
big problem. And they're like, "No, we
can't we can't find him right now. Oh,
he's selling comic books on Whatnot
right now." So it's not going to
it's not going [laughter] to work. So so
I shut that down and I shut the estate
sale videos down too cuz I just couldn't
be there, you know, at an estate sale
all weekend. Or just that was a job that
went into the weekend. So I essentially
had two full-time jobs basically. And
that
job where I was the president of that
organization
for 2 years, that's not paid. That's all
volunteer service.
Which is one of the things that we And
it's a multi-million dollar organization
as well. Like I grown significantly over
the years. So it was a big job with a
lot of responsibilities plus my normal
job. Plus I didn't stop the reselling. I
kept that going. That was my outlet. Um
but the Facebook was the thing that had
to, you know, go down. Um I I wasn't
doing the Facebook group. And also
um the YouTube I had to cut that down
significantly as well. I stopped my live
shows. So Dom,
let me let me let me interject real
quick. And then I want you to continue.
And and you tell this this whole story
in that video. Yeah. You call it
Breaking My Silence. Yeah, that one.
That that's the one I kind of I boned up
on before. Yep.
>> Uh
You're saying that you did this
not paid 2 years. You had it cost you so
much. Yeah. And it was so stressful.
Yep.
Why did you do it? I like Why? Why did
you do this? So
several reasons. It all stemmed from
when I originally
joined the board, which is actually the
same time I started my YouTube channel.
I was at a point with my career where I
wanted to do something else. Uh not
separate like When I when I say
something else, I mean
beyond my regular clinical duties that
I, you know, that I do in terms of
seeing patients. I still wanted to do
that, but I wanted to add onto it. I
didn't that I didn't want that to be the
only thing that I did, you know, 24/7,
quote unquote, you know, for for just my
entire career and then one day just hang
it up. Cuz life is short. There was
other things that I wanted to do. I had
at that point by 2017 I had already
written a book.
Um I had another one on the way. And
then, you know, I done a lot of things
like presentations at conferences and
you know, publishing journal articles in
peer-reviewed journals and all sorts of
stuff. So I had felt like I had done,
you know, most of what I, you know, I'd
set out to do. And I was looking for a
new challenge. And so
um on one side of it was the YouTube.
And then on the other side of it
they did a call for nominations for this
board position.
And I was hemming and hawing about what
to do because, you know, I was already,
you know, back into doing reselling
pretty heavy at that point. I was like,
"I don't know if I have the bandwidth
for this."
And then one of people I really look up
to in my profession, his name is Manny
Griffenstein, he suddenly passed away.
And
I was just totally I was literally like
in tears over it. I was so sick cuz the
guy was just he was a friend. And he was
um
just such an inspirational person. And
he was on this board actually in the
past for a long time. And I just used
that as like an inspiration. I said,
"You know what? I'm going to run for
this board in his honor." I didn't
campaign for it at all. I just put my
name in the ring. And you know, I
announced like why
you know, you put like a little bio, a
little snippet.
>> [snorts]
>> And so I, you know, people voted. And I
wound up, you know, winning the
position. And then next thing you know,
like I'm on this board. And then one
thing led to another. And by the time
uh came around for
decisions to be made about who was going
to be the, you know, the president of
the organization,
um I had already been in a lot of
high-level positions in the
organization. I was the secretary of the
organization, which means that you're
basically taking and documenting all the
minutes for all the meetings and all the
votes and everything like that. So, you
know everything that's going on within
it. You know, I had been chair of a
committee and all this stuff. So, um
they asked me to run and I was and no
one else wanted to wanted to do it.
There was a lot of stuff going on. That
was you know, like I said, it was
controversial at the time and there were
a lot of like big decisions that need to
be made. So, because people I trusted
and respected were asking me to do it,
it was like I said earlier, you know,
life is about timing and I just felt
like I was and people have told me this
afterwards that I was just in I was just
at the time where I felt it was like a
calling to do it, you know? And that's
it's a it's a weird thing that I think
people who just do
solely do business-related activities
might not completely understand. I don't
want to totally lump everyone into that
cuz of course there's business people
who do, you know, philanthropy and stuff
like that. But,
um you know, there are some people who
like have told me like that's just
crazy. I can't believe you did that for
2 years and you weren't paid or
whatever. So, Well, you can understand
why they would say that though, right?
Oh, totally. I totally understand it. I
totally understand it, right? And there
were times where I said to myself, "Wow,
you know,
gosh, this is a lot, you know?"
>> [laughter]
>> And
uh so,
um but I did advocate for some changes
to be made so that um
it could be a little more not not
necessarily financially rewarding in
terms of that you could get paid you
know, for being in this organization,
but you could get reimbursed better for,
you know, trips that you make out to you
know,
to go out to conferences and stuff like
that cuz there wasn't really that much
that people were getting before that.
So, I did you know, I made a lot of
positive changes and
um every I I did accomplish a lot over
those 2 years cuz when I you know, put
my mind to it, I go all in. Uh and so,
that's what I did and I just worked my
ass off in that position for 2 years to
make a difference and make an impact and
I I know that I did that. So, and I knew
that it was 2 years instead of looking
at it like 2 years is a long time, I
told myself I only have 2 years. That's
how I just changed the way I thought
about it.
>> Mhm. And so, it was
I'm not going to say it went by fast,
but I knew there was going to be a day
where it would be over and I would look
back and I knew I could always go back
to YouTube. It would always be there. I
was at least I was hoping it would. I
mean, I barely made it, but I did. And
so, now, you know, I don't have any
regrets that I that I did it, but that's
it for me in in terms of those types of
activities.
>> [laughter]
>> So, I So, I hear like a sense of duty or
a sense of
service and duty and like
like you owed like give back and That's
right. I Okay, I I I I I I I I I I I I I
>> is it What is it that this board like
like I'm sure there's a lot, but what
does this board like actually do just in
like a
short kind of So, we we we Yeah, so,
we advocate for our profession
essentially. So, uh and we advocate for
for standards and we advocate for our
patients, you know, if something is you
know, going to be passed in terms of
some law that we think is going to
negatively affect, you know, patients,
then you know, we'll get involved and
try to, you know, put together a
coalition to, you know, to to advocate
for changes on that way. Sometimes we
might have to get involved with sending
something into like um
like
um
something into a court uh like a you
know, a letter they call it a
um an amicus curiae um
it's an amicus letter or an amicus
brief. So, we might have to write
something to the judge to help them
explain why they should make a decision
in a certain way. We put on a conference
every year that's really intensive uh to
prepare for and it provides people
continuing education, you know, in our
profession. Uh so, so people could keep
up to date with what are the latest
happenings. Um and then, you know, we do
a lot of things to like, you know,
promote um you know, promote students
and promote training and, you know, get
the word out about our profession cuz
like I said earlier, most people never
heard of our profession before. So, like
one of the things I started up was a a
program called SHINE um which stands for
supporting high school students in um
neuropsychology education. And so,
basically, um
it's a program where people could go out
to high schools across the country and
they could they could download a program
that was put together and they could go
into these high schools and start
telling people about what our profession
is so they could either decide, "Hey, I
want to learn about that. Maybe that's
something that I want to do." Or at
least they know about it in the future.
So, if they have a loved one who needs
to, you know, see someone in our
profession that they would be, you know,
more aware of it. So, just try and like
increase awareness is another thing that
we do.
>> Is there a shortage of people coming
into the profession or is it Yeah.
Um
yeah, so, there's about 1,300
board-certified neuropsychologists.
Uh and there is a shortage because
there's just not that many PhD programs
where people could specialize in this.
So, that's [clears throat] another thing
that
>> That's not many. That's like 30 per
state. Less than 30 per state. All
right. Right. So, some states you can't
find somebody who does this who's
board-certified for, you know, quite a
long ways. So,
um you know, it's something that we have
to continue to work on and grow. But,
like there's just so many things that
the like you said, that the organization
does. But, it's a lot of continuing
education and supporting high standards
for our profession, supporting the board
that does board
board-certify people. Like So, it's
important for people to be
board-certified and there's financial
barriers to getting board-certified
because that's a process that you have
to pay for. You have to pay to get
examined actually. Um so, we basically
provided like a stipend for this this
board so the examination fees wouldn't
go up and like there's a whole process
involved in that, you know, in in making
something like that work. And so, it's a
lot of, you know, supporting people and,
you know, reducing barriers, you know,
to entry and things
When I say reducing barriers to entry, I
don't mean lowering standards, but I
mean just making it easier so that, you
know, people have like financial
barriers, it's not that big of a big of
an issue. But, we always have to have
high standards. That's that's that's
important. I'd like to skip ahead just a
little bit to one part of your video um
to the part of your video that really
resonated with me. Number one,
and maybe Ryan could speak to this, too,
because you mentioned something that
you How long you've you've been like on
on YouTube for about 9 years now, Dom?
Yeah, I started 2017. Yeah, and I've I I
started in 2016 and you've got you've
got 71,000 subs. Yeah. And uh 71 and
change. I've got 68 something on on Shed
Flix. I've got the other channel but it
has 82. It ain't never going to hit
nothing. It's going It's been going down
for a long time. But,
>> Yeah, but you'd have been over 100K if
you kept them together. I heard you talk
about that before. Maybe. Probably. But,
yeah, I
>> [laughter]
>> I didn't. So, you know, that's all on
Lonnie. But, um
One thing you one thing you said really
hit home and and and I know how it feels
because I we're in real similar
circumstances.
So, Ryan,
both of us want desperate I I I'll speak
for myself. Desperately
want a play button and I I can say I it
doesn't matter and I can say, "Oh, it's
no big deal." Or inflation of this or
that. But, damn it, I want one and I
want one bad and I I feels like at this
point I'm never going to get one and I
and it's it's really I heard Dom talking
about it in his video and can you tell
us, Ryan,
like
tell us what's it feel like to have a
play button?
Like really. Like what's it feel like?
It definitely feels like a sense of
accomplishment. You know what's
interesting is I got mine I cuz I I felt
the same exact way for a long time.
And I worked very very very hard to get
mine and I ended up getting mine lit it
literally came in the mail the week my
my son was born. Oh, wow. And after I
got that, it was just kind of like,
"Well,
I did it."
And I don't really ever think about it
anymore.
To be honest.
And sure, it's right there. I I look at
it when I come in here.
And it it it feels great. I can say I
have one, but
it's not everything.
It's not.
But, it is something.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, you know
it is something though.
I I I I I'm I'm happy you got it.
Yeah, congratulations. Yeah, thank you.
And and it's well deserved. But, when I
heard Dom talking about wanting one,
that hit home, bro. I cuz that's
something I can't talk.
May Who knows? But, that's something
that we you know, like Dom, I know you
know some like larger YouTubers as well.
>> Yeah.
That's probably something you haven't
really talked about a whole lot with
very many people because it's hard to
discuss it on your channel. Yeah.
>> But, because like
it's and it's I don't even know what it
means to get one. I think that Yeah, I
mean, I think that it's essentially
become a status symbol.
Um you know, did you hit 100K or not,
you know? And it's sort of an arbitrary
number, but it's a nice big round number
that people you know, people look at.
You know, you don't hit that number by
accident. You either did a lot of, you
know, viral videos that really hit or
you've been doing this for a really long
time and still you have to made some
type of good videos along the way.
Here's a way to look at it, too, like
it's kind of like it's kind of like
training for like a big race or
something, right?
>> Like the fun like going running the
race, it's like the celebration day, you
know, getting getting the award is the
celebration. But, what really matters is
the work you put in and the journey that
you had along the way. That's what
really matters. That's really the fun
part. So, I guess what I'm trying to say
is like
just wishing for it like, "Oh, I really
want one so bad." Right.
>> In order to get it, focus on what you're
in at the moment. Enjoy it because that
is the actual fun part. And yeah, you'll
get that later. But, the the journey to
get there is what really matters and
what and is what is is what is most
meaningful, at least to me.
So. Yeah, well, one of the things I did
mention in the video was
some sort some ambivalence in terms of
you know, how important really is this
100k
total of subs at the end of the day, cuz
you know, you have channels out there
that they have 100,000 subs or more and
barely anyone's watching their videos
anymore. Right. I don't want that. I
don't want that.
>> I don't want that.
Right. Right. So, you obviously want
that, but you still want to be able to
retain viewership. You know,
unfortunately, I've always been able to
retain viewership. It's just on my
channel it tends to be the same viewers
for the most part. That cycles within
and the growth is you know, been
relatively slow given how many videos
I've put out, but that's also partly my
fault. Like you know, you said you know,
it's on me. It's on Lonnie. It's also on
me for just how I ran my channel for a
long time, which was just I threw
everything against the board just
because that's me. I just wanted to try
all sorts of different things and I
wasn't sticking with the, you know, what
were the
uh proven videos that were always
working over and over, which for my
channel is essentially a state sales. Um
and I was kind of uh being stubborn
about it and like, well, no, you can't
just lock me in that I'm only going to
have to do estate sale videos. Like I
want to do this, this, this, this, this,
but I get punished every time I do
something like that with the YouTube
algorithm. So, I've just basically
learned at this point to pretty much
just stick with the state sales. That's
what I'm doing since I've, you know,
come did my,
I call it a comeback. I mean, I was
still making videos, but they were flea
market videos. But now I have more time.
Now I could put into doing the um estate
sale videos. But you know, I've had a
couple reasons why I talk about the
100k. One, I did a video once where I
went out to visit Pete, Craigslist
Hunter,
and I told him, I'm going to come back
to your store one day and I'm going to
have 100k. I This was years ago, like
many, many years ago.
So, I'd still like to be able to do
that. I don't like saying stuff like
that, especially on camera and then not
following through with it. So, that's
always something like in the back of my
head that annoys me if I don't do it.
It's just kind of I set that up for
myself.
The other thing is that I have other
people who are constantly telling me
this. Like I have viewers telling me,
oh, you'll get to 100k. You got to get
to 100k. And then I have family members
too, my kids, who are embarrassed that
their dad is the PrimeTime Treasure
Hunter and don't want anybody to know,
but they also keep telling me, Dad, you
got to stick with it. You got to get to
the 100k. You got to get to the 100k.
You know, I talked to Jocelyn, Crazy
Lamp Lady, and she's like, yeah, you got
to stick with it now. You can't stop
now. So, it's like I do have pressure in
a nice way. It's not bad pressure, but
you know, so that's another thing that
kind of keeps me going, too.
Yeah, well, uh
I don't know if you saw the the
Craigslist Hunter episode we had here,
but you were a
He He recommended we get a couple of
people on the show when I asked him and
uh
you were one of them. Yeah, you were.
>> one of the ones that he told You've
actually been recommended We were
planning on inviting you for a quite a
while anyways. Yep. But you have been
recommended by several people, one of
which is Craigslist Hunter. So, he
definitely holds you in high esteem, for
sure. Yeah. I mean, to me that's the
highest honor is, you know, if you get
Pete's approval, you're getting
>> Yes.
>> approval from who I consider to be the
goat. So, and I know I'm not the only
one who sees him as that way. So, that
that that's always I love that guy. So,
uh yeah, I I still keep in touch with
him. I mean, not like every day or
anything, but uh I still make sure I
message him, you know, here and there
just just to just check in on how he's
doing, you know, not cuz like I want
something or something. We just to check
in on him, yeah.
Yep. Yeah, Pete is awesome, man. And uh
>> [clears throat]
>> the
I another another part of your video
that really hit home and my goodness is
when you're talking about
you're talking about you make you were
making the video
cuz you you kept getting uh 10 10 out of
10s on your your video drops.
Oh, man. Talk Talk about Talk about that
because like that's that's something
else that resonates with me. That is
That is really disheartening. I mean, I
really I really went through cuz you
know, during this two-year period where
I was in this role as president of this
nonprofit organization,
the reason why I was doing flea Let me
just backtrack a second and I could lead
into answering that. The reason I had to
switch to flea market videos, it was the
only thing that I felt that I could do
sourcing-wise for the audience. The
reason why is that the flea market here
in Syracuse, it opens on Sunday morning
really early. Like it actually
technically opens at 7:00, but for
people who are in the know, you could
get there at 4:00, 5:00 a.m., you know,
whatever, and there's
>> there's like a really big vendor there
who sets up and if you get there at that
time, you're going to be able to load
up. So, that's what I would do. I would
show up there, you know, 5:15, 5:30 in
the morning
and I knew at that time I was safe from
any responsibilities in that
organization. Like I had a window of
about two to three hours on that Sunday
that I could Wow. that. And then during
the week, you know, late at night, like
let's say like 10:00, 10:30 when things
would finally wind down, then I could
work on editing the video a little bit.
It was like like I said, it was a form
of escape for me that I could do. It
actually ironically was a thing that
kind of kept me going in that position
for two years was the YouTube and the
reselling, which is kind of crazy if you
think about it. Uh so, but the flea
market videos are not as entertaining
for the audience as the estate sale
videos are because with an estate sale,
you get to tour the entire house. It's a
new house every time. There's new
collections every time. But with a flea
market, it's the same setting every
single time. Even though the items might
be better, it's not the same type of
entertainment value value. And to really
produce good, you know, YouTube video
that for me that's going to get like at
least 10,000 views or more, um I need to
do uh
blend that entertainment and education
together, which I was trying to do with
the flea market videos, but
it just can't replicate what you could
do in an estate sale. So, um that being
said, so for those times where I was
doing the flea market videos, literally
for two years, almost every flea market
video that I dropped, 10 out of 10, nine
out of 10, eight out of 10, seven out of
10, six out of 10. Like I would be happy
if it came to like five out of 10 or
something [laughter] like that. So, you
know, there was an exception every once
in a while, but that was pretty rare. Uh
so, when I did the comeback video called
Breaking My Silence, that one instantly
went up to was number one.
And then I went to do these estate sale
videos. I think I've done like five now
and every single one of them is Yeah,
every single one of them has been a one,
two, or three. And Nice. Yeah, so it's
like the the
the audience tells you you know,
basically what we like, what we want to
see from you. And the interesting thing,
too, I had people even though I was
still making these videos, the flea
market ones, people once I put the
estate sale content out, people would
tell me, oh, we're so glad you're back.
You know, we don't we didn't know where
you were. Like I was there the whole
time, but I just dropped out of their
feed. Cuz YouTube wasn't If they want to
see estate sale content and I'm doing
flea market content, that's not what
they're interested in. If they don't
think of me to go back to the channel
manually to type it in, it's out of
sight, out of mind, and you're gone.
Right. Like if you don't click if you
don't click on somebody for a while,
YouTube stops showing it to you. That's
right. 100%. Yeah. Yep. So, it was very
discouraging. I did not know if I was
going to be able to make it
for the two years and I literally limped
to the finish line. I got decimated with
my
YouTube income. I mean, completely
destroyed for Yeah.
Like you said, there was a sacrifice to
taking on a position. I'm not asking
anyone to feel bad for me
>> [laughter]
>> I'm just saying like that's the reality
of what happened. And
>> I I mean, Dom Dom, when I when I listen
to all this, man, like all I like that's
why it's so like
I mean, I'm I'm I'm not going to ask you
if it's worth it cuz I
Like obviously it must have been and you
had reason, so I
but man, it that's expensive, dude. It
was so You gave up so much for that and
I felt that when I was watching your
video. You almost quit, right? You
almost quit YouTube.
There were times where I thought about
throwing in the towel. I wasn't sure if
I was going to be able to to keep going.
Um you know, cuz I'm someone who thrives
on positive reinforcement. So, if you're
constantly basically being told by
YouTube like, nah, this isn't good
enough. And it when you're doing the
best that you can, you know you're
putting in the best effort and it's just
not working out, it's just like, wow,
man, I don't know. Could I do this for,
you know, keep going on? So, that's why
I mixed in some things here and there
that kept me going. Like I I switched
gears a little bit. Like one time I did
a video on um
uh how to make money selling photos. Um
you know, like vintage photographs. And
that one did really well. Brought in
like, I don't know, 25, 30,000 views.
So, that was like a That That was like
very timely for me. Like it came at a a
bad time that I had switched up. Then
one time accidentally, I was going for a
root canal and I didn't plan it, but on
the way back, um there was a garage sale
and it was really crazy good garage
sale. So, I'm like, let me just stop off
here. I filmed it and that was like a
25,000 view video. So, it was like there
were like little things like that that
just kept happening. Huh. You know, and
then my wife or you know, Mrs.
PrimeTime, she would have just always
tell me, you know, just stick with it
for a little bit. Don't make any, you
know, quick decisions. Like, you know,
it's just So, I can't even tell you how
many times she said that to me. And then
like times like also like, you know, I
ran into people like like I I keep
mentioning her a bunch, but um you know,
Jocelyn, you know, when we were at um
you know, Mason Battlefield together,
same thing. She's like, nah, you know,
you got to keep going, you You you're
you're you got to get to that 100k. Like
so, people would say things like that
and those with those kind of things
would just motivate me. And like you
said, also like you both said, sometimes
people would just drop a positive
comment in the video and say something
really
touching and like really inspiring.
Like, "Oh, wow, thank you so much for
this video. It did X, Y, and Z for me."
And you're like, "Wow, that felt good."
Like you feel like you're still having
an impact. So, there was always
something to kind of keep me going. But
yeah, it wasn't easy. There is a two-way
street sometimes because we were talking
about how we have viewers
tell us like what an impact, but
sometimes viewers have a huge impact on
us because let me
let me share a story real quick. So, we
most of our most of our locations are
not named,
but I have one right here.
It says Flappable Elf
>> [snorts]
>> on it right here. Okay, that's an
inventory location.
And the the story behind that is, do you
remember do you all remember like after
the just after the new year,
I think it was around the new year or
maybe before the new year,
YouTube can would come out with like it
would tell you
who uh
like all these stats on channels you
watched and Yeah. All right. All right.
Yeah. Wrapped. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And
they they posted Flappable Elf
they they posted theirs on in our the
reseller water cooler and I started
looking and I was like,
"He watched more videos than I made last
year." [laughter] And I made a lot.
Yeah. Which which meant he went back and
binged it and that like I was like,
"Wow, that really hit home." You know, I
was like, "Man, that's really
that's really like that's the best thing
somebody can give you is their time."
And I was like, "Man."
And I said, "You know what? I'm going to
name a drawer I'm going to name a
location after you." And then he then he
responded and said how much the videos
had meant to him. And you know, and I
was like, "Man, well well him posting
him posting that that thing about you
the YouTube uh
wrap-up thing, that meant a lot to me."
And so then I you know, like
that connect I felt like we had kind of
a connection there.
You know, and uh
so yeah, I mean those those positive
bits of reinforcement can really go a
long way sometimes, can't they? And you
never know how how like
you know, a kind even comment like you
just mentioned people would comment nice
things on your videos during your your
tough times. And these people that are
commenting, they probably don't even
know that they they might have saved
your channel because you might have been
struggling and you saw their nice
comment and it changed your mindset and
and gave you the motivation to keep
going, you know? Like you don't know how
your little acts of kindness will affect
people. It's really amazing.
Yeah, it's true. I I shouted a couple
other people out. Like even just regular
viewers of this channel, people who
watch my channel they know this guy Jeff
Norton who sells at the flea market. And
I was talking to him one day and he said
the same thing. He's like, "No, you
know, you got to keep going. Blah, blah,
blah." You know, and he was telling me
why and all this stuff. He's like,
"People will miss your dog Daisy." And
that was another thing too, actually. I
talked I don't know if you saw that part
in the video.
But it's cuz I actually think my dog is
more popular than me on the channel, my
shih tzu Daisy. And normally I filmed
the scene with my dog Daisy at the very
end.
You know, it's just like a wrap.
Um but this time I wanted to just do it
opposite. I was like, "You know what?
Let me just get the Daisy scene cuz
that's going to be a hardest thing. Let
me film that first and just like kind of
like a say I was literally ready to film
the the video like the end video. So, I
literally got the camera out. I put it
in front of Daisy in like our normal
spot. I pressed the button. I'm about to
start doing it. I literally couldn't
speak. I couldn't say anything because
it was just too difficult. And I
actually say that really Daisy
in a way she she saved the channel. Like
it's crazy. But I just felt too bad for
the viewers cuz they're so attached to
her that I was like, "No, I can't I just
can't do that to them." And I just So, I
was like, "Yeah, that's another reason
too." So, there's like so many things
that happened along the way that, you
know, led me to keep going. But even
Daisy helped keep it going too.
That that's our that was our Daisy. Aw.
Wow. That's so
She's been put to sleep. That that was
my daughter's dog. Okay.
>> And I got I got really close to her. And
uh
Yeah.
>> Yeah, she she she's gone now. But yeah,
I miss her.
>> Yeah, yeah. But so yeah, whenever I hear
you talk about Daisy I I think about
about her. Well, that's another
connection. You see what I mean? I know.
I know. Wow. That's crazy, right? Isn't
that crazy? [laughter]
Oh, man. Some some of the viewers, man,
some of them will even bring Daisy up
sometimes cuz we talked about her and
had her on the channel a couple times.
And man,
the connection we make sometimes. And
and sometimes some of the things the
viewers say, man, they just hit you
right in the heart, you know? Like it
does.
It does. It does.
But if you can have a pet mascot on your
channel, it really helps. That you know,
Pete showed that over the years as well.
So, you know, with his
cats and birds and stuff. I've been Man,
I've been trying We we've tried to get
Pippin to to come hang out here in the
shed with us while we work all day and
he just don't like it, man. That's He
doesn't like it.
It's not for him. Not for him.
>> have a pet, Brian?
Uh I have a couple. I've got I've got a
dog. A Her name's Kimber.
She's like a pitbull lab mix mutt.
And uh we have a cat named Oakley. Okay.
Couple animals. All right.
Kimber's Kimber's a very cool dog, by
the way. I love I love her. She's she's
she's cool. She's a good dog.
Well, man man, so so you you were on the
brink you were filming your goodbye
video. Yeah, I was.
Well, I was about to. And then I put the
camera down. I said, "I can't do this."
And I never made the I never made the
video.
Uh so, yeah, but it was
it was crazy. Yeah. I'm glad you didn't.
I'm happy for you that you
I'm happy for you on this new journey.
I'm excited to see what you do in this
this comeback. And you're you're already
on a great trajectory. So. Thanks. I
appreciate that. I'm encouraged with by
the viewer responses to the, you know,
estate sale content. And so,
you know, I'm going to keep keep
building on that. Hopefully that you
know, it continues to do well. It's more
challenging now than it ever was though
with estate sales. There's a lots of
things that have changed in the estate
sale market compared to what they used
to be, at least in my area. So, I'm
finding myself having to learn the ropes
again
cuz even in that two-year period like a
lot of stuff changed. So,
it's uh
it's a it's a new world out there for
sure. So. Is that kind of
I'm sorry. Is that kind of content
pretty evergreen? It seems like it might
be more evergreen than some other niches
might be. Well, I
it
it's definitely evergreen. I mean, I've
had videos that I think my most popular
estate sale video hit over 600,000
views. Oh.
Yeah. And I
yeah. Yeah, so like I've never done any
other type of
sourcing video that ever hit that much.
Like flea markets never came close,
garage sales never came close, rummage
sales never came close, conventions
never came close. And that's not the
only one.
>> Why do you think that is? Why why do you
think that the Why do you think that the
estate sale videos do so well?
Because people love voyeurism. They love
to Unlike a garage sale, you're not
going in the house
in a garage sale. With an estate sale,
you are you're literally going in the
house. You're exploring the basement.
You're exploring the attic. You're going
in the bathroom. You're going in the
master bedroom. You're going in the, you
know, the kitchen. You're going in the
drawers. You know, Do you try Do you try
and piece together from all this all
these places you go and all the objects
you see? Do you try and like build a
story behind the people? Do you do that
during the videos? If I can, I do. You
know, sometimes you don't know all the
the whole story, so it's more just
highlighting the different aspects of
the house. But sometimes I do know the
story.
In fact, one video in particular,
the relatives of the
Well,
actually the the he was an adult at this
point, but he had grown up in in the
house. So, it wasn't his house
originally, but they knew what I did.
They recognized me from the the channel.
And they actually came up to me while I
was when I came in. They go,
"We know who you are."
>> [laughter]
>> We know what you do. Did that kind of
freak you out? Yeah. Yeah, I'm always
I'm always getting nervous when someone
says something like that. So, I was
like, "Oh, okay." They're like, "But
we're okay with it." They're like, "You
can film here." Um and I'm like, "Okay."
I'm like, "Well, do you want to talk,
you know, on the camera and like tell
the story of the house?" It was it was
beautiful old house. And they told the
story of their whole family and their
dad. And people just love they love
hearing those stories. You know, "This
is my childhood home. I grew up in this
part of the house used to be this." And
And so, people just love hearing that
stuff. So,
you know, if you can do that, yes,
people That that's very important is to
weave a story together. I've learned
that more and more over the years. The
more you can do good storytelling,
especially if it has some emotion in it,
Mhm. that really helps.
Um That's You don't get any of that at a
garage sale. No.
No, so that's
Right. That's another part of it as
well. The other thing is that that video
that did the 600,000 views, um
part of that also was just people were
just shocked at the amount of Murano
glass and ceramics and other types of
glassware that were at that house that
was so valuable that was basically being
liquidated for such a low price. People
just couldn't believe it. So there was
like a shock value to that as well. You
know, once they saw what was involved
with that and just I had already made a
bunch of sales by that. So I had a good
hook in the beginning of the video where
I'm like, "Sourced for $10, sold for
$285."
And then I did like two more like that
and people are like, "Wait, what?" So
that drew people in and that's another
thing that I've learned more and more is
about, you know, doing a good hook and,
you know, things like that. There's like
a art to doing these videos. So
and I haven't always followed that art,
but and I think the people who are able
to follow that art consistently and do
that they wind up, you know, doing best,
but so
So so Dom
Yeah.
we we we've burned all of our time today
just talking about like mostly
like your your your career and your like
how you got to where you are now, but
man, I would love to spend another show
Yeah.
>> Definitely. Because like one of the one
of the things I really want to dive in
was the business side of estate sales.
You probably know that Candace and I go
to a ton of estate sales, too.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And I I know we we probably
share a lot of the same
um
a lot of the same like like estate sales
are tricky. They they are like compared
to any other way of sourcing. Yeah. Man,
I I I hope we can get you back on
because I would love to do another show
with you just about
estate sales. estate sales. Yes. That'd
be a great great show.
And and and how your relationship
building
and the do's and don'ts and the like
there's a lot of unwritten rules
behind estate sales, right? That's true.
Yeah. And and and and and and man, we've
really enjoyed it. We are out of time,
but man, I want to have you back cuz I I
I want to pick your brain about estate
sales.
I have one more question I I want to
>> ask Dom. For sure. If if you can and
this might be kind of a difficult
question cuz I I've I remember being
asked this question back when I was
doing uh reselling content. If you can
pick one item
that you found at an estate sale that's
your favorite or most like jaw-dropping
find, Mhm.
>> what is it?
What is it?
Sorry to put you on the spot cuz I'm
sure there's like a million different
things that you can uh probably think
of, but
>> [laughter]
>> So jaw-dropping are you talking purely
in terms of cuz I think most when most
people hear that they're going to think
in terms of the monetary value or are
you also thinking maybe could it be
historical value or
Sorry for reading all maybe more into
this question. How about just like your
favorite find of all time at a at a
estate sale?
Um
well, I'll tell you what comes to mind
first. I if I thought about more, I
don't know, maybe by the time I come on
this show again I'll have a different
answer, but this was one that jumps out
to me. So we were at an estate sale and
I always I do a lot with books, not just
comic books, but regular books.
And I always tell people to look inside
of yearbooks
because that's where people hide things
is in yearbooks, especially valuable Oh,
yeah.
All the time.
Not just money not just money, but
valuable
I'll never do this. You will you will
see. Try and whoever stuck with the
video this long, they'll
they'll probably
uh you know, find some good treasures
this way as well. You'll probably get
some comments if people tell you things
that they found. Wow. Especially in
yearbooks, but this is all books by the
way. All especially if it's an old book.
>> Bibles. Yeah, you wouldn't believe the
things people used as bookmarks, for
example.
So and you can find all sorts of
valuable piece of paper in there.
Well
um
that just made me think of something
else, but I won't go there. So
I go I'm going through this yearbook and
I flip through and I find this little
look like a card on the back. Look, at
first I thought it was a business card.
I look closer and it was an admission
pass to Coney Island
in New York.
The Coney Island, the original Coney
Island before it burned down.
And I looked at the that I was able to
track this down because I tracked it
down from the date. It was a dad and his
daughter.
It was a dad and daughter pass
and it was two weeks. The date on it was
two weeks before
Coney Island burn the that Coney Island
had burned down in a fire.
>> Oh, wow. And I was like, "Oh my god,
this this is like this has like
historical significance to it." So I had
put it on
eBay for auction. The the yearbook was
like a dollar or something, you know. So
Yeah. And that's the other advantage cuz
you find these things inside, you just
check out for the price. The they're not
checking what's inside the stuff and
they price it for a dollar anyway. So
that you know, to your advantage. Uh so
I just put it on auction auction and the
guy who wound up buying it sold for $110
or something like that. Um you know, not
like astronomical money, but it wound up
the guy wrote me who purchased it, he
actually is um an academic who
specializes in Coney Island and he goes
around the country and teaches people
about Coney Island and he's always
buying and investing and collecting
these artifacts that he finds. And so
that was something that he purchased to
add to his case because it, you know, is
traveling case around the country and
the world because that would help show
people like a piece of that history and
like that just felt so good to be able
to find like a piece of history like
that. So it's not the most expensive
thing that I found, but to me like that
jumps out as being one of the most
significant ones cuz I definitely say
it's the thing I found that had the most
historical value. Mhm. You saved That
would have been landfill for sure, man,
because that
That would have been in the landfill.
Yeah. So so now I I was just kind of
smiling thinking about I don't know what
what you would do, what the story would
be, but it sure seems like that would be
a good episode of the Prime Rib, some
reseller shaking a book. [laughter]
Oh, yes.
There you go. That's That's the same
thing. That That's See, this is what I
mean. That's why I'm glad I'm pulling
out today cuz now you've inspired me and
I'm going to come up with something
[laughter] tomorrow probably to
based off of that to put on the
Primetime Treasure Hunter Facebook page.
>> [laughter]
>> Well, keep an eye out for that, guys. I
will link your Facebook down in the
description below and also your YouTube
channel, of course, but definitely go
give him a follow, give him a subscribe.
And uh yeah.
Dom, can you turn on like Okay.
Oh, yeah. You wanted to ask him this.
Yeah. Can you turn on your your your
your your top follower badges or
whatever because I feel like I probably
I feel like I deserve one and you don't
have I don't know if you have that
feature not turned on on your page or
what.
You know what I'm talking about?
Uh Top fans or whatever or or maybe I'm
not looking at it right or something. Is
there a There's a setting for that? I
don't know.
>> Settings?
I don't know.
>> of settings.
Top fans.
You have it Is it turned on? I don't
know. I'm going to have to look into I
am on settings right now, but I don't
know where within there I'm going to
have to set that up, but I'll definitely
be
That's the request I have cuz I want to
see where I rank, man, cuz I'm I've put
some time in on the Primetime Treasure
Hunter.
>> [laughter]
>> I'm invested, man. You have, man. I
really appreciate it.
>> way. Not in a weird way. No, not at all.
Not at all. And I'm happy to come on
again. This is definitely a fun time.
I'd love to do an estate sale Yeah.
>> video with you. I'm curious to see
the reaction of the audience if they
would like that. I'd definitely be happy
to come on. Oh, that'd be that'd be
really good. Yeah.
Estate sales are something that aren't
really talked It's underserved on
YouTube. So I think that's why you're
smart to stick to that that niche
because it's under
It's a It's an underserved spot, man. It
is. Well, right cuz it's hard to go in
there and and film in there and I'm one
of the only people who actually films
and talks while I'm at the sale rather
than do rather than doing a voiceover
later.
So I want to I want to talk more about
that in the next You're bald. That's
That's cool. Yeah. And Dom, I will I
will promise you this and I'll do it on
Ryan's behalf, too. If you ever want us
for anything over on your channel, if
not, that's cool, too. But if you ever
invite me, I'm there. I promise.
>> Awesome.
>> [laughter]
>> I appreciate it. Thanks a lot, Dom.
Well, thanks thanks so much for coming
on. Yeah, we really appreciate it.
>> This was a lot of fun. This was a great
show. All right. All right. We'll see
everybody. All right. Yeah, thanks for
watching. Bye, y'all. Bye, Dom. Bye.